# An Instruction About Our Topic
This is our source code for Visualization Analysis System about average GDP of different countries.  
## Abstract:  
We design the system in order to show the difference between developed and developing countries. Firstly, on the macro level, we design a worldmap so that you can know the distribution of GDP of different countries in the world and a wordcloud is used to show the rank of these countries clearly.Then according to three different features, we show the difference of the developed and developing countries in the parallel-axis graph. But we find that there exists some special countries which don't follow the regularity. For example, Qatar has high average GDP, high average life expectancy and high adults literacy rate but it is a developing country. Therefore we choose these countries to try to find the reasons. So we design an interactive graph which is used to show the details of more features of these special countries.  
## Instruction
We use python to accomplish the task which aims to show the distribution of average GDP of different countries on the world map and another task which aims to show a wordcloud. You can see the source code of Python in the document **Map.py** and the document **wordcloud.py**. In addition, The dataset for this topic is from the document **GDP.xlsx** and when you run **Map.py**, you will get a document named **Map.html**. Similarly, a document named **wordcloud.html** will be got when **wordcloud.py** is running. Open **Map.html** and **wordcloud.html** in browser and you can see the distribution of GDP on the world map as well as the beautiful wordcloud.  
We use echarts to accomplish the parallel-axis graph. You can see our source code in the document **parallel-aqi.html**. Open it in browser and you can see the parallel-axis graph. In addition, the datasets for this topic is from the document **countryGDP.json**.  
We use Vega-lite to accomplish the interactive design for several diagrams which aim to show the difference of the features about special countries. You can see the source code of Vega-lite in the document named **davi.html**.  Run the document and you can see the interactive design for these diagrams. In addition,you can drag a rectangular brush in the first graph to show (first 20) selected points in other graphs. The datasets for this topic is from the document **countryGDP2.json**.  
The synthesis of these documents and pages of landscaping is finished in the document **X.html**. Run X.html and you will see our final result of the Visualization Analysis System.